.. _whatsnew_0300:


v0.3.0 (09/01/2022)
=======================

* Added remanufacturing pathway
* Re-strucutred Reuse into merchant tail and re-sale, added storage
* Two separate paths for damaged (bad) and undamaged (good) modules. Current values for the subpath are very similar except for damaged modules are not considered for resale.
* Energy baselines included, and calculations to evaluate Energy In, Out and Balance.

Usage Improvements
--------------------
* Automatic routines for visualing results
* Improved ways to modify materials, adding the usual materials automatically, etc.
* Functions to modify scenarios for IRENA reliability and lifetime assumptions.
* Year trimming implemented internally so baselines are consistent.
* More outpus provided in the results dataframes, including Area equivalencies for many of the steps.

New Structuring
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* ``data`` changed to ``dataIn_m`` and ``dataIn_e`` for module level, and ``materialdata`` changed to ``matdataIn_m`` and ``matdataIn_e`` where ``_m`` stands for mass and ``_e`` stands for energy
* Output data changed to ``dataOut_m``, ``dataOut_e``, ``matdataOut_m``, ``matdataOut_e`` for modules and materials and mass and energy respectively


Baseline Updates
-----------------
* 2022 annual module and material updates
* added glass virgin material efficiency
* Module and material energy files added

New Documentation and Analysis
---------------------------------
13 - Journal for mass analysis of lifetime vs recycling, documenting the analysis in the Mirletz et al 2022 PLOS ONE publication.
14 - Historical US Installs Waste Projections journal.
15 - Energy and Material Flows PVSC 2022 paper analysis, focusing on energy balance of remanfuacturing versus recycling glass as a case study for Pervoskites All-Back-Contact (ABC) technology.
16 - New Energy Flows tutorial introduction


Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Silvana Ayala (:ghuser:`shirubana`)
* Heather Mirletz (:ghuser:`heathermirletz`)
* Acadia Hegedus (:ghuser:`acadiajean`)
