.. _whatsnew_0400:

v0.4.0 (03/22/2024)
=======================

* Formal release for the Energy layer and energy baselines.
* Informal inclusion of the carbon layer in development.
* New interactive training available via JupyterBook and Google Collab
* Added raw, inputs, outputs, figures folders for saving simulation files.
* Simulations can also now be saved as pickles, for easy use and load.

Code Updates
------------
* Updated default "reducecapacity" to False, i.e. by default, bifaciality will not affect installed capacity, it will be bonus energy generation
* Improved internal data path for baselines folder
* Additional math added to energy calculations layer to support carbon calculations
* New Mass Flows input `nameplatedeglimit` and `secondlifenameplatedeglimit` to set up degradation limits for first and second life.

Baseline Updates
-----------------
* Updated scenarios for PERC, SHJ, TopCon, Perovskites (from Mirletz EPJ 2024)
* New deployment schedules available for Global (from Mirletz EPJ 2024)
* Baselines for Roger Nagle's Master thesis exploring European deployment and sustainability pathways scenarios added
* Carbon baselines added (still under development)

Documentation Updates
----------------------
* Reorganized documentation folder into tutorials, publications, and baseline development documents.
* Version for various of the journals added, as well as printouts of system, python, pandas and other packages added for easier debugging for users.
* Removed OpenEI documentation as it is out of date.
* Added documentation for using the energy layer, including journal for the Mirletz EPJ 2024 paper, and an energy sensitivity analysis journals

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Heather Mirletz (:ghuser:`heathermirletz`)
* Silvana Ovaitt (:ghuser:`shirubana`)
* Rachel Woods-Robinson (:ghuser:`rwoodsrobinson`)

